today we are going to do the retouching of the root of
this red color the first thing we're going to
to do then is to look at what color she
has means to ends states I
gave is that she has a height 6
and it has an intense stealing height 6
So that's what I'm going to
apply at the root a height 6 but with
Very intense red to the mixture I put
then height 6 intense red and for
that I left more red like the one that
has reach his adds about 10
centimeters of intensified reddish and
actually has as centimeter and
medium root is very little then we go
to use a 20-volume peroxide
because if we use one of 30 the root
we will be too clear then
let's do it with 20 peroxide
volumes
we necessarily have to apply root
and then pass a little color to
tips because red anyway
the first thing that is always falling
let's do is apply a cream
protective around the perimeter of the
hair growth because as it is
a reddish tint then so you do not
stain the skin we 're going to put some
gloves to follow the hair in four
parts
let's apply the color in the root
as to define those four parts
we apply
now let's make an exception for
ear to ear here I'm going to have two
parts and uncritical to the other section
and I'm going to start applying this part of
ahead
we make a thin hair division
we eat it by the hand and apply root
we are going to apply
good as we can see this is the
final result of our color
you can see that the red
a deeper red was more intense
the root was completely covered and is
totally even for all the
friends, I hope you have them
liked then our root retouching
see you in a next video